[EDU-5814] refactor: update links to videos about Data Stream integrations (#1391)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/observe-journey/data-stream/integrations/connector-datadog.mdx

[Datadog](https://docs.datadoghq.com/) is a registered trademark of Datadog, Inc in the United States.

Learn how to use Datadog to receive data from Data Stream. Watch the video below:

<div class="cms-embed">

>   <iframe width="600" height="400" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/nqKMWorVX6s?si=BajW-IOsP8UBwVV2" loading="lazy" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Reviewer: title="How to use Datadog to receive data from Data Stream"

>   <iframe width="600" height="400" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/nqKMWorVX6s?si=BajW-IOsP8UBwVV2" loading="lazy" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Author: ```suggestion
  <iframe width="600" height="400" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/nqKMWorVX6s?si=BajW-IOsP8UBwVV2" loading="lazy" title="How to use Datadog to receive data from Data Stream" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>
```
